chore(infra): migrate and adapt supernova from greenhouse extension to juno and fixed exampleapp (#305)
cloudoperators/juno: apps/supernova/README.md

  "pod_name": "keppel-janitor-6dc777bcbf-5xrns",
  "prometheus": "kube-monitoring/kubernetes",
  "region": "eu-de-1",
  "service": "resources",
  "severity": "info",
  "support_group": "containers",
  "tier": "k8s",
  "status": "active"
}
```

If the end user wishes to include any excluded labels as matchers, they can easily do so by expanding the advanced section during the silence creation process. This allows for greater flexibility and customization when configuring the silence matchers.

To set the excluded alert labels:

1. Utilize the app prop `silenceExcludedLabels`, which is used during the setup of the script tag.

### Theme

Set this attribute to specify a custom theme for your application. Possible values are `"theme-light"` or `"theme-dark"` (default)

To set the theme:

1. Utilize the app prop `theme`, which is used during the setup of the script tag.

### Endpoint

Sets the Alertmanager API Endpoint URL. Provide the full URL of the Alertmanager API endpoint to which the application will connect.

To set the endpoint:

1. Utilize the app prop `endpoint`, which is used during the setup of the script tag.

### Predefined Filters

> Specifies filters to be applied in the UI for distinguishing between contexts by matching alerts with regular expressions. These filters are automatically loaded when the application starts. The format is a list of objects including name, displayname and matchers (containing keys corresponding value).

Reviewer: Use same description as in the package.json
```suggestion
PredefinedFilters are filters applied through TabNavigation in the UI to differentiate between contexts such as Production, QA, and others. They are loaded by default when the application is loaded. The format is a list of objects including name, display name and matchers (map containing matchers as name and expression pairs).
```

Example:

```json
[
  {
    "name": "prod",
    "displayName": "Productive System",
    "matchers": {
      "region": "^prod-.*"
    }
  }
]
```

To set the predefined Filter:

1. Utilize the app prop `predefinedFilters`, which is used during the setup of the script tag.

### Silence Templates

> Defines pre-configured silences available in the schedule silence modal for setting up maintenance windows. The format consists of a list of objects including description, editable_labels (array of strings specifying the labels that users can modify), fixed_labels (map containing fixed labels and their corresponding values), status, and title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines pre-configured silences available in the schedule silence modal for scheduling future silences. For example when setting up maintenance windows where it is known that certain alerts will fire. The format consists of a list of objects including description, editable_labels (array of strings specifying the labels that users can modify), fixed_labels (map containing fixed labels and their corresponding values), status, and title.
```
